README.md, before:

# 04 Web APIs: Code Quiz

## Description 

As you proceed in your career as a web developer, you will probably be asked to complete a coding assessment, which is typically a combination of multiple-choice questions and interactive challenges. Build a timed code quiz with multiple-choice questions. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by your JavaScript code. It will also feature a clean and polished user interface and be responsive, ensuring that it adapts to multiple screen sizes.

## Goals

* GIVEN I am taking a code quiz
* WHEN I click the start button
* THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question
* WHEN I answer a question
* THEN I am presented with another question
* WHEN I answer a question incorrectly
* THEN time is subtracted from the clock
* WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0
* THEN the game is over
* WHEN the game is over
* THEN I can save my initials and score

## Credits

* https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_win_setinterval.asp

* https://davidwalsh.name/event-delegate

* https://www.sitepoint.com/sort-an-array-of-objects-in-javascript/

* https://www.sitepoint.com/es6-arrow-functions-new-fat-concise-syntax-javascript/

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2020] [Simon Newton]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

2.0 full quiz functionality, updated questions and README

README.md, after:

# 04 Web APIs: Code Quiz

## Description 

This project creates a timed quiz that utilizes Bootstrap styling and JavaScript functionality. The user is presented with several choices for each question, and if the correct answer is chosen, the score will update. If the user selects no answer or an incorrect answer, their time will be penalized by ten seconds. Upon completion of the quiz, the user is prompted to input their initials, which are then added to the highscores page. The user can view all recent highscores or choose to clear them. The quiz can be completed any number of times, but only the top five scores are saved.

## Goals

* GIVEN I am taking a code quiz
* WHEN I click the start button
* THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question
* WHEN I answer a question
* THEN I am presented with another question
* WHEN I answer a question incorrectly
* THEN time is subtracted from the clock
* WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0
* THEN the game is over
* WHEN the game is over
* THEN I can save my initials and score

## Credits

* https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_win_setinterval.asp

* https://davidwalsh.name/event-delegate

* https://www.sitepoint.com/sort-an-array-of-objects-in-javascript/

* https://www.sitepoint.com/es6-arrow-functions-new-fat-concise-syntax-javascript/

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2020] [Simon Newton]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
